What are the eligibility criteria for admission?
Candidates intending to apply for B. E. should pass XIIth examination in English with minimum 50% marks in Physics, Chemistry (could be replaced with permissible technical vocational subject) and Mathematics. Further, the candidate is also required to have a valid score in MHT-CET / JEE (Main) for that Year.

What are the documents required for admission?
A Student applying for admission should carry the original and 2 sets of photocopies of all his testimonials. The documents required are:Adhaar Card ,10th Marksheet, 12th Marksheet ,Proof of Entrance Exam ,5 passport size photographs ,Proof of Gap years (if any),Domicile certificate ,Birth certificate,Minority Language certificate.Also visit <a href="https://cetcell.mahacet.org/">MAHACET</a>

What are the important dates related to admission?
The detailed schedule of the admission procedure is available on <a href="dtemaharashtra.gov.in">DTE Mharashtra</a>as FE notification.

How to apply? What is the application procedure?
The application process for engineering admission is conducted by State Common Entrance Test Cell, Govt. of Maharashtra. It is MANDATORY for the candidate to REGISTER and ENROLL on the website for becoming part of the Central Admission Process(CAP).

What is the DTE code of SIES Graduate School of Technology?
The DTE code of SIES Graduate School of Technology 3211.

Can students from other states of India take admission through Central Admission Process?
YES but, they should have a valid score in MHT-CET / JEE (Main) for that Year and should pass XIIth examination in English with minimum 50% marks in Physics, Chemistry (could be replaced with permissible technical vocational subject) and Mathematics.

What was the cut off percentage of your college for the last year?
The cut off varies from branch to branch. Also, the cut off for different quota (e.g. minority quota, DTE open candidate home university quota, other university quota, Institute level quota, TFWS quota, J&K quota etc) is different. So this query can be answered during personal interaction. Still for the reference the round-wise cut off list is available on the DTE website.

I would like to take admission through management quota. Is it still mandatory to register on Directorate of technical education web portal?
YES. Registration and Enrolment on the web portal of State Common Entrance Test Cell,Govt. of Maharashtra is MANDATORY.

What is the procedure of admission for Institute / Management seats?
Admission through institute / management quota in SIES is purely on the basis of MERIT. All the candidates applying under quota will be eligible for participating in admission process. But registration with DTE is mandatory. A separate ( Different from DTE) merit list will be prepared and displayed and the candidates will be called for counselling round/s. Rules and regulations are same as of DTE.

If I apply for Institute / Management seat will I definitely get admission?
NO. Merely applying doesn't ensure admission in the institute. Admission depends on the merit list and the top candidates confirming/accepting the seat in the branch of their choice.

What is the fee structure of the college?
Fees is as per the DTE rules. It is displayed on website.

What kind of infrastructure is available in the college?
Lush Green Campus , Eco-Smart Classroom with round the clock accessible WI-FI, Overhead projectors incorporated in every classroom for better teaching support, Thousands of Books accessible to students, with ease of access facility using Digital Library, State of the Art Labs, Air conditioned Auditorium, Seminar hall, Computer Center, Language Lab. Additionally we have Bank Facility, Stationery Shop, Student Recreation Area, ideal Campus Security with CCTV and state of the art Gym Facility.

Do you have hostel facility?
NO. But college provides guidance to avail hostel /separate room in the vicinity .

Can we get Category Concession in fees?
Category Concession is applicable ONLY to the candidates who have secured admission through CAP and belonging to Maharashtra. Concession is applicable as per the government resolution/ directives issued by competent authorities.

What is the eligibility for availing scholarship?
Candidate should be domiciled in the State of Maharashtra and produce all required documents as per scholarship category and prevailing norms.

Can I Apply For Two Scholarships At A Time Like Say SC/ST/NT/VJ/SBC And Minority; Or OBC And Minority; Or EBC And Minority Or TFWS And Minority?
NO. At any given point of time, you are eligible to apply for any ONE of the scholarship schemes as discussed above. If found violating this, serious action can be initiated against the candidate / student.

What is TFWS seat?
It is Tuition Fee Waiver Scheme by AICTE/Government of Maharashtra for meritorious students from state of Maharashtra and having their parents annual income below 6.00 lakh. These seats shall be filled by competent authorities.

How are the Campus Placements? Which companies do visit the campus for placements? What is average salary drawn?
Very GOOD, SIES GST has an exclusive Training and Placement Cell continuously engaged in the training and placement activities round the year. Quite a good number of companies carry out campus placements. Some of the recruiters visiting regularly include: Infosys, Cognizant, Endress+Hauser, Siemens, L&T Infotech, Persistent Systems, Tech Mahendra, Byjus, Jio, Endurance, Lombardini, Kelvolt, KPIT, Jindal Polyfilms, Patni Computers, Syntel, i-Flex, Mphasis, Videocon, John Deere, Seed Infotech, Varroc, Expert Global Solutions, and so on. Please visit the link on our website: <a href="www.siesgst.ac.in">SIES Graduate School Of Technology</a>for more details. The salary ranges from 4 lac to 8 lac per annum.

Do you have Industry tie ups? Do you Arrange Industrial Visits?
YES, Our Institute has signed MOUs with more than 10 industries. Industrial visit is a regular activity of our students. We have very Active Institute Industry Interaction Cell for seeking avenues of collaborative activities in the form of Projects/Training/ Placement.

What are the Extra Activities you arrange for students?
There are many active Students Chapters like IEEE, CSI, ISTE, ISHRE, BAHA etc which organises various Technical Events/Competitions. Apart from this, there are other activities are conducted under Robotics Club, Literary Club, Music Group, Drama Club, Cultural Club, Sports Cell etc .

What is about internship?
Since the institution has many Industries tie ups, it helps students getting internships in industry. Apart from that our internal faculty members are working on different projects, offer internship to students.

What is difference between B.E. and B.Tech. ?
Practically there is no difference B.E. is Bachelor of Engineering & B. Tech. is Bachelor of Technology. In the state of Maharashtra most of the universities have named the engineering course as BE while IIT's & few autonomous institutes like COE, Pune have named their programs as B.Tech. Students are requested to go through the syllabus to know more about the program.

What is difference between IT and Computer Engineering?
Our expert faculty will provide necessary guidance.

Can we change the branch at second year level?
YES. But it depends upon the vacancy position in the branch of your choice. Additionally candidate should fulfil all the conditions/ rules laid down by the competent authorities. The branch/course change will be considered based on merit of First Year Engineering result/s.

How does the college admit students?
Two ways: 1) Seats allotted by DTE through online CAP process. 2) Management quota through merit basis prepared by the institute. We do not accept any Capitation Fees.