What are college timings? Is Saturday working?
College timings are 9 am to 5 pm. On Saturday, regular lectures are not there but most of the activities are conducted on Saturday. Please do not enrol your ward for any tuitions outside. Our faculty members are very experienced to provide extra guidance to students.

Does Tuition Fees remain same till the completion of the Course?
Generally YES. However, the guidelines will be followed as prescribed by the concerned authority (Fee regulation Authority) from time to time.

Is It Mandatory To Pay Tuition Fees In One Instalment Only Every Year?
YES, however, it can be paid in instalments with special permission and subject to norms and conditions laid down by the Management.

Is It Mandatory To Submit All Required Document In Original?
Yes. Your admission is confirmed only when you pay the fees as applicable and submit all the required documents in original.

How far is the Institute Campus from Nerul station?
Campus is approximately 2 km away from the nerul station. Anyone can easily walk down. Also shared autos are available 24x7.

Is the Institute accredited? And the grade of the institute!
Yes. The institute is NAAC accredited with B++. Also we have applied for NBA accreditation and completed all necessary requirements. The peer team visit is awaited.

Can I get guidance for Admissions?
Yes. You will be provided all necessary guidance through Admission Cell.

Is canteen facility available in campus?
Yes. We have very good canteen facility and Cafeteria. However, we insist on home food at first year level.

Is the college Autonomous?
No, the college is not Autonomous. It is affiliated under the University of Mumbai.

Can I apply now before the class 12 results?
No, you need to apply only after the result of XII and CET/JEE result.

How can I apply for Institute level seat or Management quota?
You need to register with DTE first and then fill college application form. You can do it online also by purchasing admission brochure to register.

What are the scholarship schemes available?
Apart from Government scholarship schemes, many private scholarships are available. The management SEAT scholarships are also available.

Will the documents for Bank Loans be given?
Yes, documents for Bank Loans will be issued after the confirmation of admission.

How are the teachers in the college?
The teachers are very well qualified , highly experienced and dedicated.

Do you have any agents through whom we can apply?
We do not have any agents through whom you can apply. Students/ Parents should contact us directly for any information/admission. Our admission process is very transparent. We follow all the guidelines of DTE. We do not charge any Capitation fees. For Institute quota also fees is same as other students.

What are the branches available in college?
There are five branches :1 Computer Engineering 2 Information Technology 3 Mechanical Engineering 4 Electronics and Telecommunication 5 Printing and Packaging Technology.

Which branch of Engineering is the best?
All branches are good. It is important to understand the interest of your ward.

How many total seats are there?
Total Intake is 390 (EXTC : 120, CE: 90, IT : 60, PPT : 60 & Mech. Engg.:60)

How many seats branch wise?
Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering - 120  Computer Engineering - 90  Information Technology - 60  Printing & Packaging Tech. - 60  Mechanical Engineering - 60

How many are Total Open Seats branch wise?
Electronics & Telecommunication Engg : 35 Computer Engineering - 26 Information Technology - 17 Printing & Packaging Tech. - 17 Mechanical Engineering - 17

How many are Total Minority Seats branch wise?
Electronics & Telecommunication Engg - 61 Computer Engineering - 46 Information Technology - 31 Printing & Packaging Tech. - 31 Mechanical Engineering - 31

How many are Total Management Seats branch wise?
Electronics & Telecommunication Engg - 24 Computer Engineering - 18 Information Technology - 12 Printing & Packaging Tech. - 12 Mechanical Engineering - 12

Important links
 1. <a href="http://cetcell.mahacet.org/">CETCELL</a> 2. <a href="https://mhtcet2020.mahaonline.gov.in/Content/PDF/Advt/MHTCET_Engg_Tech_Pharmacy_Pharm_D.pdf">MHTCET</a>

How to obtain minority status confirmation certificate?
A format will be provided (Form O) in the DTE/CET Cell Information Brochure and the duly filled format to be submitted at the time of form submission. However, the duly filled format to be submitted in Rs.100/- stamp paper and duly notraised.

What is the meaning of Minority Institution?
Minority Institution means seats earmarked for the Minority Community students from within the State, belonging to the Minority Community either Linguistic (based on the mother tongue) or Religious to which the institution belongs. Our institute belongs to Tamil - Linguistic Minority category. This provision is made as per the Constitution of India.

I do not belong to Minority can I get admission in SIESGST ?
You can apply as Open candidate through Centralised Admission Process(Conducted by the Maharashtra State CET Cell) or under Management Quota through the respective institute.